good
on here
I want to do a fatal maneuver.
on the day of the crime
6/2
the time passes
on the wrong side
with pedals
Nothing to do
when he finished the first day in which he was
it seems we are not dreaming
in a beautiful north
the end of the first half
I do not buy a dressing room on purpose.
your art
the event recognizes
in Minas Gerais
exceptional team
just reading
departures
generators
just off the river
5 to 0
then in Sao Paulo
in the first half
2 to 0
was a national event
Beloved of Brazil.
valued
we'll see what he did later
was feeling sick
I have a contract outside the world cup.
your role
in your time
next time you have to do the other
You have to play a lot more than I say.
the prize counted
they have grown
two players
It's going to be a great game.
yesterday wednesday
to play a lot more prof
the cruise for 2 to 2
the portal paulo
incredibly
they are ordering to see
the current lack someone near villeneuve close to an agreement
he was not for any
it was not for any fee
what happened until you were strong and strong
the defense of february
It's something that really is.